Copyright (c) 1995-2000 by the Hypersonic SQL Group. All rights reserved. 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

a. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

b. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

c. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
must display the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
Hypersonic SQL."

d. Products derived from this software may not be called "Hypersonic
SQL" nor may "Hypersonic SQL" appear in their names without prior
written permission of the Hypersonic SQL Group.

e. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes Hypersonic SQL."

This software is provided "as is" and any expressed or implied
warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In
no event shall the Hypersonic SQL Group or its contributors be liable
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or
consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of
substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business
interruption). However caused any on any theory of liability, whether in
contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise)
arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of
the possibility of such damage.This software consists of voluntary
contributions made by many individuals on behalf of the Hypersonic SQL
Group.
